hey guys I'm pixel Dan and this is a
review of the Funko pop holidays heat
miser and snow miser vinyl figures
straight from the year without a Santa
Claus from Rankin and bass comes the
miser brothers one of my favorite
holiday Christmas characters I'm a big
fan of the Rankin and bass specials I
watch them every year and I've always
loved a year without a Santa Claus
specifically because of the miser
brothers so this was a pair of figures
that I absolutely could not pass up the
two figures come in the standard pop
vinyl window boxes that depict the
figures inside they have cool little
drawings of the pop vinyl figures on the
sides of the boxes and you can see that
they're numbered snow misers number one
heat misers number two now the cool
thing is that the back of the box does
mention that there is an entire line of
Funko pop holiday super stylized vinyl
figures that's because there are some of
the others available so definitely check
out there for stuff like the humble
bumble 4 from Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer very cool stuff out there
all right so let's look at these guys
out of their boxes now the thing with
the funko pop vinyl series is that it
basically takes a lot of major
characters from pop culture comic books
cartoons movies etc and it all turns
them in these really cool super stylized
little vinyl figures now the key thing
with all of these usually is the round
black eyes that is what you see across
the board with the Funko pop vinyl
figures it's kind of their little
signature piece they're also a little
shorter with larger heads so they're not
exactly like to scale of what the
character would look like for example
here we look at the snow miser and he is
a little shorter in the animated movie
he was much taller and a lot skinnier
and lankier than heat miser and you can
see he is still skinnier but he's a
little shorter because of the funko pop
vinyl style but it still works really
really cool the details on the figure
are awesome he's a cool mixture of white
light blue and dark blue he's got his
cool little scarf and his little snow
miser sceptre in his hand and got the
cool little hat on top of his head he is
ready to go
ah mr. Y Christmas yeah you guys know
the song then we got the heat miser here
he's a little shorter he's got the
rounder belly cause he is the tubby er
of the two miser brothers
he's got the awesome spiked up hair that
resembles fire that's got a cool mixture
of yellow and oranges in it and even
with the cool round black eyes you can
still see the heat misers look in the
face which is what I always love about
these figures even though they all have
the round black eyes they still do a
great job of capturing the overall look
and feel of the characters and bring
them into this really cool super
stylized element
now the figures aren't very articulated
they're basically meant just to kind of
be stood as a display piece on your
shelf they do have turning heads so you
can move their heads left and right for
a little bit of variety in posing but
otherwise they are just static final
figures I've really actually become a
big fan of the funko pop vinyl line I've
never really been much into vinyl
collectible figures too much but
something about the pop line has really
drawn to me
I loved the serial monsters that I took
a look at before so when I saw that they
were doing Christmas versions especially
the miser brothers I knew that I had to
pick these things up and I absolutely
loved them they will fit in perfectly
with the rest of my Christmas display
every single year and just holding these
things in my hand it just kind of makes
me want to make them dance around and
play you know I'm mr. green Christmas
I'm mr. suntan it did it yeah I know you
guys all have that stuck in your head
now take that so there you go guys
there's a look at the Funko pop holidays
heat miser and snow miser they're too
much until next time